When was the term reggaeton first coined and by whom?	No answers found
What song did Skrillex release after Bangarang?	No answers found
With whom did Skrillex collaborate for the song Make It Bun Dem?	No answers found
Did Don Diablo or Fatboy Slim release the song Cutting Shapes?	No answers found
Does deadmau5 make house music?	No answers found
Is deadmau5 only a composer?	No answers found
Are Skrillex and Diplo the full list of members that are part of Jack Ü?	No answers found
Are Dieter Bohlen and Thomas Anders the only members of Modern Talking?	No answers found
Who joined AC/DC in the 90s?	No answers found
What type of musical instrument is a Roland TR-808?	No answers found
Which instrument does Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte play?	No answers found
When was The Beatles' “White Album” released?	No answers found
How many violins are in a string quartet?	No answers found
The record label XL Recordings, famous for artists such as Tyler, the Creator and The xx, was founded in which country?	No answers found
For what genre are music duo The Upbeats best known?	No answers found
Where do the Beatles come from?	No answers found
When was hardstyle founded?	No answers found
What is Lee Towers' profession?	No answers found
What is Lee Towers' music genre?	No answers found
When was the start of heavy metal?	No answers found
What subclass of instruments is a violin in?	No answers found
What are guitars usually made of?	No answers found
Where does K-pop come from?	No answers found
Which record labels has Marco Borsato been signed to?	No answers found
What year was the song '1999' by Prince published?	No answers found
What kind of band is GreenDay	No answers found
Which awards did The Black Keys recieve?	No answers found
In what city was Die Antwoord formed?	No answers found
Which album does Smooth Operator from Sade belong to?	No answers found
Which instruments does James Brown play?	No answers found
What date was Anthony Kiedis born?	No answers found
What record label produced Iggy Pop’s The Passenger?	No answers found
Where is Dave Grohl from?	No answers found
What occupations does Dave Grohl have?	No answers found
What genres do The Foals belong to?	No answers found
Do The Foals make indie rock?	No answers found
When was Lovley day by Bill Whiters released?	No answers found
What was freddie mercury's birth name?	No answers found
What song did Beyonce release after single ladies?	No answers found
Who composed the pop song Gangnam Style?	No answers found
London born singer Miss Adkins is better known by what name?	No answers found
Who was Dionne Warwick’s most famous female cousin?	No answers found
Which singer appeared in the film,Hannah Montana?	No answers found
What was Lang Lang’s instrument?	No answers found
who was awarded the nobel prize in literature as a singer?	No answers found
Ashin was the lead singer of which brand?	No answers found
What is the first name of compose Vivaldi?	No answers found
What record label does the Innervisions album belong to?	No answers found
What is the place of birth of Madonna?	No answers found
Name the partners of Madonna	No answers found
When was Queen formed?	No answers found
Who are the members of The Blakc Eyed Peas?	No answers found
From where does AC/DC come from?	No answers found
When did Tyga start to play music?	No answers found
Who founded Florence + the Machine?	No answers found
German musician Johannes Bach was born in what year?	No answers found
What was the name of The Beatles' first album?	No answers found
When was Beyonce's "I am... Sasha Fierce" album released?	No answers found
Sean Paul was born in which city?	No answers found
Who composed the song known as Peru's second national anthem, "La Flor de la Canela"?	No answers found
What kind of an instrument is a cajon?	No answers found
In 1990, what award did Nat King Cole win?	No answers found
What city were the Beatles formed in?	No answers found
When was Def Jam founded?	No answers found
Who were Mozart's teachers?	No answers found
Who started Interscope?	No answers found
Which rock band was formerly known as Hybrid Theory?	No answers found
Where did Mozart first performed The Magic Flute?	No answers found
Which genres do Guns 'n Roses play?	No answers found
In what country did heavy metal start?	No answers found
Who influenced Queen?	No answers found
Who is Justin Bieber married to?	No answers found
Where did The Beatles form their band?	No answers found
Whose tour was The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour?	No answers found
Who sang the song Rawhide?	No answers found
Who won the first season of the Dutch X Factor?	No answers found
Whose song was Hey There Delilah?	No answers found
When was ABBA's inception?	No answers found
Where does Kanye West live?	No answers found
Who is Kanye West married to?	No answers found
What is Bruno Mars' music genre?	No answers found
What record lables has Katy Perry been signed to?	No answers found
Where was the original Woodstock held?	No answers found
Who invented the phonograph?	No answers found
Who are the current and past members of the Rolling Stones?	No answers found
What year was the 'blues' genre established?	No answers found
From what era are the oldest flutes?	No answers found
In which century were the first operas performed?	No answers found
What music recording sales certifications were established by the recording industry association of america?	No answers found
Who is the composer of the musical “the Phantom of the Opera”?	No answers found
What are the two main parts of a guitar called?	No answers found
How did kurt cobain die?	No answers found
What was David Bowie’s voice type?	No answers found
When did the former Linkin Park member Chester Bennington die?	No answers found
Which are the current members of Linkin Park?	No answers found
Is Robin Schulz man or woman?	No answers found
How can I find Robin Schulz on Twitter?	No answers found
Does Felix Jaehn come from my own home town, namely Hamburg?	No answers found
What kind of music does Felix Jaehn produce?	No answers found
Where does Rammstein come from?	No answers found
When was Rammstein's latest song 'Deutschland' released?	No answers found
Which band that John Lennon was a member of influenced Queen?	No answers found
At what age did Michael Jackson die?	No answers found
In which country was Michael Jackson born?	No answers found
When did Michael Jackson start working on his music career?	No answers found
What was Michael Jackson's view on religion?	No answers found
Which genre was the song 'Thriller' written by Michael Jackson?	No answers found
Which record label was associated to the song 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?	No answers found
Who has founded Epic Records?	No answers found
Where is the headquarters of Epic Records?	No answers found
Where is the band U2 from?	No answers found
What country is Kraftwerk from?	No answers found
Who founded Metallica?	No answers found
What class of instruments does the flute belong to?	No answers found
Who is the drummer of the Red Hot Chili Peppers?	No answers found
What are the names of the bands Corey Taylor sings in?	No answers found
When was the band Slipknot founded?	No answers found
What is the name of all the record labels that Linkin Park has had?	No answers found
Which country does Snarky Puppy come from?	No answers found
Who created the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik?	No answers found
Who is AC/DC's longest lasting band member?	No answers found
Who is the king of pop?	No answers found
When was John Lennon's killer born?	No answers found
When was Spotify founded?	No answers found
Which award did Christopher Tin receive for Baba Yetu?	No answers found
What were Queen's second to first and Queen's last song between 1971 and 2014?	No answers found
How fast is the song "Zombie"?	No answers found
Which song is the European union's anthem based on?	No answers found
What year was Dream theater founded?	No answers found
What awards have De Jeugd van Tegenwoordig received?	No answers found
Where is Henk Wijngaard born?	No answers found
What is the cause of Michael Jackson's death?	No answers found
What ìs the residence of Martin Garrix?	No answers found
What is the country of origin of The Beatles?	No answers found
When was Universal Music founded?	No answers found
What is the highest note on a piano?	No answers found
What award was awarded to Michael Jackson most recently?	No answers found
When did the Foo Fighters start?	No answers found
Where is Elvis Presley buried?	No answers found
Which member of the Beatles was the youngest?	No answers found
Did Ludwig van Beethoven influence the Beatles?	No answers found
Did Louis Armstrong influence the Beatles?	No answers found
How old was Ella Fitzgerald when she died?	No answers found
Do you know how old Ella Fitzgerald was when she died?	No answers found
How did Tony Barrow nickname the Beatles?	No answers found
By who was Ella Fitzgerald influenced?	No answers found
Who sings Take me to church?	No answers found
What is drum and bass a subgenre of?	No answers found
When did the Beatles break up?	No answers found
When did Beyonce start her career?	No answers found
Which bands was Dave Grohl in?	No answers found
What is Elvis Presley's signature look?	No answers found
Who were Mozart's teachers?	No answers found
What band was Madonna the drummer of?	No answers found
Where is Michael Jackson born?	No answers found
When did ABBA stop?	No answers found
When did ABBA stop?	No answers found
In which country did ABBA start?	No answers found
Where the headquarter of TopNotch	No answers found
When was The Red Hot Chili Peppers formed?	No answers found
How did Tupac Shakur died?	No answers found
What was de spouse of Andre Hazes?	No answers found
What is notable song of Gnarls Barkley	No answers found
What kind of group is Linkin Park?	No answers found
When was Nirvana founded?	No answers found
Where is the band Volbeat originally from?	No answers found
Who was the performer behind Appleknockers Flophouse?	No answers found
What materials are a guitar made of?	No answers found
What year was the cello instrument of the year?	No answers found
How do you call someone who plays the cello?	No answers found
Who sang Does Your Mother Know?	No answers found
What album followed ABBA: The Album?	No answers found
Which three record labels did Nirvana have?	No answers found
In what countries is Avril Lavigne a citizen?	No answers found
For what award was Sara Bareilles nominated?	No answers found
In what year did Elvis Presley die?	No answers found
Which American duo released an album entitled "Bookends"?	No answers found
"Bohemian Rhapsody" is a song by which group?	No answers found
What is the first name of compose Vivaldi?	No answers found
What is the first name of compose Vivaldi?	No answers found
In which European city was Swedish pop group ABBA formed in 1972?	No answers found
Who managed the Beatles prior to his early death in 1967?	No answers found
The Copacabana nightclub was in which city?	No answers found
Who had the 1965 instrumental hit Spanish Flea?	No answers found
What country does A-Ha originate from?	No answers found
In what year was the song "Happy Birthday To You" first published?	No answers found
What was the cause of Otis Redding's death?	No answers found
For what film was "The Circle of Life" written?	No answers found
When did the Jonas Brothers quit?	No answers found
What album was Toto's "Africa" on?	No answers found
When did Symphony X release The Odyssey?	No answers found
Is the founder of the band DIO still alive?	No answers found
What is the first song from Images and Words?	No answers found
Who wrote the song Bohemian Rhapsody?	No answers found
How did David Bowie Die?	No answers found
Which genre of music does Sabaton play?	No answers found
Of which progressive rock band is Matthew Bellamy a member?	No answers found
Where does Ch!pz come from?	No answers found
What awards did the song 'Can You Feel The Love Tonight' by Elton John win?	No answers found
What are the albums of Adele?	No answers found
What band was Justin Timberlake part of?	No answers found
What's the real name of Lady Gaga?	No answers found
How did Prince die?	No answers found
Who was the first child of Michael Jackson?	No answers found
When was Thriller by Michael Jackson released?	No answers found
Is Shakira a model?	No answers found
Which group is Gerard Joling a member of?	No answers found
What was the most streamed song to date?	No answers found
What was the most best selling album to date?	No answers found
What was the name of the first concert ever held?	No answers found
When was the first song recorded?	No answers found
Who invented music?	No answers found
What is the study of music called?	No answers found
Who is the king of Rock'n'Roll?	No answers found
Who was the most popular band to date?	No answers found
What does EDM stand for?	No answers found
What's the name of the husband of Whitney Houston?	No answers found
When did rock start?	No answers found
What movement was Mozart a part of?	No answers found
What is rapping?	No answers found
What is the country of origin of The Rolling Stones?	No answers found
In which album did Bohemian Rhapsody release?	No answers found
The American band sometimes known as EWF established in 1970 whose genre were: funk, rhythm, and blues. What is the full name of the band?	No answers found
The song Night Fever released in the year 1978. Who performed this song?	No answers found
Of the four members of The Beatles, John, Ringo, Paul, and George. Who joined last and what year?	No answers found
The song I Love Rock 'n' Roll was performed by who?	No answers found
How did Prince die?	No answers found
Where did the Beatles form?	No answers found
Who performs the song 'Bitch better have my money"?	No answers found
Where did jazz originate?	No answers found
When was the inception of blues?	No answers found
What is pop music based on?	No answers found
Who is the lead singer of Green Day?	No answers found
What genre is the music of the band Imagine Dragons?	No answers found
What kind of person practises music with the violin?	No answers found
What roles did Freddie Mercury have in the band Queen?	No answers found
The band Muse was started in?	No answers found
The place of birth of Johann Sebastian Bach was?	No answers found
What are three different kinds of music genres?	No answers found
What was the cause of death of Mozart?	No answers found
What partners has Ariana Grande had?	No answers found
The middle name of James Arthur is?	No answers found
Who produced the song Shape of My Heart by Sting?	No answers found
Which two men formed Simon and Garfunkel?	No answers found
On which album of Coldplay was the song Don't Panic published?	No answers found
Which band made the song another 45 miles?	No answers found
In which city was rapper Meek Mill born?	No answers found
Which two rappers formed the group Mobb Deep?	No answers found
What musical period anteceded the Romantic?	No answers found
In what tonality is Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No.1?	No answers found
Who composed the three Gymnopedies in 1888?	No answers found
What classical movement is Bach's music usually attributed to?	No answers found
In what poem is Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 based on?	No answers found
In what city did the band Nirvana form in?	No answers found
In what city was Brhams born?	No answers found
What killed Mozart?	No answers found
What music genre is the band Pixies usually associated with?	No answers found
What label were the Beatles registred with?	No answers found
Where were the Foo fighters formed?	No answers found
What genre is music form the band De Dijk?	No answers found
What is Ali B his real name?	No answers found
Who is the lead guitarist of AC/DC?	No answers found
What is the superclass for classical guitar?	No answers found
Who is the leadsinger of Nirvana?	No answers found
What genre of music does No Doubt make?	No answers found
What is Eminems real name?	No answers found
How old is Maluma?	No answers found
Where is Ed Sheeran born?	No answers found
What gender is Skrillex?	No answers found
Where is Camilo Cabello from?	No answers found
Wat is the name of Ariana Grande's pet pig?	No answers found
Who invented the piano?	No answers found
How tall is Talor Swift?	No answers found
Where is Michael Jackson buried?	No answers found
What was the cause of Mozart's death?	No answers found
What is the study of music called?	No answers found
From which band is the song Bohemian Rapsody?	No answers found
Due to what did Amy Winehouse die?	No answers found
In which country lived Avicii?	No answers found
Who is Beyoncé’s spouse?	No answers found
In which city is Lady Gaga born?	No answers found
From who is the album Off the Wall?	No answers found
Which album of Michael Jackson followed by Off the Wall?	No answers found
When did the beatles break up?	No answers found
Where was Kraantje Pappie Born?	No answers found
Where did Guus Meeuwis educate?	No answers found
Which country is Queen from?	No answers found
From whom is the song Bohemian Rhapsody?	No answers found
What is the country of origin of BTS	No answers found
How did Chester Bennington die?	No answers found
Who composed Happy Birthday song?	No answers found
Who is the drummer of Metallica band?	No answers found
In what year did The Beatles group dissolve?	No answers found
When did The Beatles stop performing?	No answers found
When was song Amazing Grace released?	No answers found
Did Mozart play on violin?	No answers found
Who sings Who Let the Dogs Out?	No answers found
Which country pop singer was born 'Eilleen Regina Edwards'?	No answers found
Is Miley Cyrus the daughter of country singer Billy Ray Cyrus?	No answers found
What is the better known stage name of Robyn Fenty?	No answers found
How many strings does a violin usually have?	No answers found
Where was was Elvis discovered dead in 1977?	No answers found
Stewart Copeland was the drummer with which band?	No answers found
What is the definition of music?	No answers found
Which group comprised John Phillips, Denny Doherty, Cass Elliot, and Michelle Phillips?	No answers found
The Dutch rock band ‘Golden Earring’ consisted of which band members?	No answers found
What band is Ozzy Osbourne a member of?	No answers found
When was the studio album 2112 released?	No answers found
Where was the music group NSYNC formed?	No answers found
Was Jimi Hendrix left or right handed?	No answers found
Where was Woodstock Festival?	No answers found
Which note is the lowest on a bass guitar?	No answers found
How do you spell xylophone in Dutch?	No answers found
Who is the singer of Red Hot Chili Peppers	No answers found
How did Bob Marley die	No answers found
What is the Dutch definition of music	No answers found
What do you call the study of music	No answers found
What type of instrument does a drum kit belong to	No answers found
When was the piano invented	No answers found
Who wrote the 3 compositions known as Gymnopédies	No answers found
What is the study of music called?	No answers found
Who performed the theme song for the American television sitcom 'Friends'?	No answers found
In what year was the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson released?	No answers found
By what stage name was Swedish DJ Tim Bergling known?	No answers found
What city was the birth place of American singer-songwriter Billy Joel?	No answers found
What British rock band is Will Champion the drummer of?	No answers found
What first name do the English singer-songwriters with the last names Morrison and Blount share?	No answers found
When was Outkast formed?	No answers found
What album is N.Y. State of Mind a part of?	No answers found
Who is the rapper of 4 Your Eyez Only?	No answers found
What record label produced The College Dropout?	No answers found
What album is N.Y. State of Mind a part of?	No answers found
When was Graduation by Kanye West released?	No answers found
What is steak?	No answers found
What color is an apple?	No answers found
Who is the sandwich named after?	No answers found
What are kitchens used for?	No answers found
What is cider made of?	No answers found
How is honey produced?	No answers found
What is the price of rice?	No answers found
Who manufactures Coca Cola?	No answers found
What are short names for Coca Cola?	No answers found
In what year was De Nederlandse Bachvereniging founded?	No answers found
Where are the Backstreet Boys from?	No answers found
When was Het Dorp by Wim Sonneveld released?	No answers found
Who composed the Matthew's Passion?	No answers found
In what year was the piano invented?	No answers found
Who were all the members of the Rolling stones	No answers found
When did Micheal Jackson die?	No answers found
When was Micheal Jackson born?	No answers found
In what city was Queen founded?	No answers found
What are the two things the stage name of ACDC is named after?	No answers found
What is the name of the band ACDC was influenced by?	No answers found
What is the birth name of the singer Sting?	No answers found
What is the name of the spouses of Sting?	No answers found
What is the country of origin of the band ABBA	No answers found
What discipline studies music?	No answers found
How did Tupac Shakur die?	No answers found
In what country is Defqon.1 Festival?	No answers found
What is the name of Ariana Grande's sibling?	No answers found
What record labels was Johnny Cash part of?	No answers found
What band was Freddie Mercury in?	No answers found
What piece of music from Civilization IV won a Grammy?	No answers found
When was the CD invented?	No answers found
What was the cause of Amy Winehouse's death?	No answers found
Who owns the intellectual property for CD's?	No answers found
What singer is known as "The king of Rock'n'Roll"?	No answers found
What is an art form that uses sound called"?	No answers found
Who wrote We Will Rock You?	No answers found
Who created Bohimian Rapsody?	No answers found
How old was Michael Jackson when he died?	No answers found
Who created the Star Wars theme?	No answers found
Where does the music genre Jazz originally come from?	No answers found
What is the real gender of Lady Gaga	No answers found
What is the genre Rihanna plays in?	No answers found
Which artist performed on the album Trout Mask Replica?	No answers found
What award did the band that played Little Green Bag receive?	No answers found
When did Mac Miller pass away?	No answers found
Who produced Kendrick Lamar's To Pimp a Butterfly?	No answers found
What university did Armin van Buren attend?	No answers found
Where is Ludovico Einaudi from?	No answers found
What was the cause of the composer Tchaikovsky's death?	No answers found
Who wrote the lyrics to the Pokémon themesong?	No answers found
What is the Swedish description of a guitar?	No answers found
What is the highest and lowest note that can be played on a piano?	No answers found
What is the frequency of the highest note that can be played on a Piano?	No answers found
In what year did the winner of the 1984 grammy for best RnB song die?	No answers found
When did the lead vocalist of Queen join and subsequently leave the band?	No answers found
What instrument family is the drum a part of?	No answers found
When did the live aid benefit concert take place?	No answers found
Who hosted the british telivision programme top of the pops between 1964 and 2006?	No answers found
Which Genre of music originated as rock and roll in the 1950s?	No answers found
What is a trombone made of?	No answers found
When were The Black Eyed Peas formed?	No answers found
What is the real name of U2 member The Edge?	No answers found
The american record label called Aftermath Entertainment was founden by which famous rapper?	No answers found
Who composed the anthem of The Netherlands?	No answers found
What year was the band Led Zeppelin formed?	No answers found
Which bands has Dave Grohl been a part of?	No answers found
Where is a baglama from?	No answers found
What are the highest and lowest notes of a piano?	No answers found
What is the musical tempo?	No answers found
When was the song "Bohemian Rhapsody" publihed?	No answers found
What is a musical flat?	No answers found
Who created the band Owl City?	No answers found
Which country did jazz originate from?	No answers found
In what city was Bruno Mars born?	No answers found
What is the title of the theme song of The Lion King	No answers found
What album was the song Border Reiver by Mark Knopfler part of?	No answers found
Who composed the theme music for Game of Thrones?	No answers found
When were The Beatles dissolved?	No answers found
What was the year of inception of the band Gorillaz?	No answers found
What is MF DOOM's given name?	No answers found
What is 50 cents's birth name?	No answers found
Who is the singer of Red Hot Chili Peppers?	No answers found
When was Red Hot Chili Peppers founded?	No answers found
What is the real name of the bassist Flea?	No answers found
What is the name of the son of Anthony Kiedis?	No answers found
'The Getaway' is an album from...?	No answers found
What band is Jonny Buckland a member of?	No answers found
Who where the original members of Queen?	No answers found
Which member of The Beatles is the oldest?	No answers found
When did The Beatles split up?	No answers found
Who wrote Don't Pass Me By?	No answers found
What country is ABBA from?	No answers found
From which album is Dancing Queen?	No answers found
In what year did Freddie Mercury pass away?	No answers found
Who was Freddie Mercury's second partner?	No answers found
What was the last film The Beatles made?	No answers found
Who won the 1974 Eurovision song contest?	No answers found
What genre of music did The Black Eyed Peas make?	No answers found
In which country is the Amsterdam dance event held?	No answers found
Can you name the country where the music genre Jazz is originated?	No answers found
Which parts does a guitar consist of?	No answers found
Which awards did Pink Floyd receive?	No answers found
On wich date was the album Homework by Daft Punk released?	No answers found
Where is the Jazz musician B.B. King born?	No answers found
What is the name of the artist that performs in the single Piano Man?	No answers found
Where was Guns N' Roses formed?	No answers found
Who owns MTV?	No answers found
AC/DC originated in what country?	No answers found
What was the band AC/DC named after?	No answers found
Who influenced AC/DC	No answers found
How did Kurt Cobain die?	No answers found
What kind of music do System of a Down play?	No answers found
When did Michael Jackson receive his first Grammy Award?	No answers found
Where did Panic at the Disco start?	No answers found
Where does Alan Walker come from?	No answers found
Where is Alan Walker's full name?	No answers found
When is Janieck Davy born?	No answers found
When did Spinnin' Records started?	No answers found
Where is Martin Garrix born?	No answers found
Which year did Martin Garrix publish Animals?	No answers found
What is the home country of Within Temptation band?	No answers found
In which city Lindsey Stirling was born?	No answers found
Who is the oldest in Mamamoo?	No answers found
When was jazz introduced?	No answers found
Who is a famous violinst and dancer that posts videos on YouTube?	No answers found
What is the name of a speech-generating software featuring Hatsune Miku?	No answers found
In which musical genres does Akiko Shikata perform?	No answers found
How did Jimi Hendrix die?	No answers found
What musical genres did Thelonious Monk perform?	No answers found
When was the band GWAR founded?	No answers found
Which instruments do the 1812 Overture use?	No answers found
Where did Plastic Bertrand receive his musical education?	No answers found
What is the name of the guitar of B.B. King?	No answers found
On which album of the band Deftones did the song My Own Summer appear?	No answers found
In which conutry did Chiptune originate?	No answers found
Eminem has signed with which record labels?	No answers found
What were the music genres played by The Doors?	No answers found
When did the Woodstock festival take place?	No answers found
When was Jimmi Hendrix born?	No answers found
When did Jimmi Hendrix die?	No answers found
Who is Orpheus?	No answers found
What band did Sting play for?	No answers found
Where was Jimi Hendrix buried?	No answers found
What is Sting his real name?	No answers found
Who composed Bohemian Rhapsody?	No answers found
How long is the song Bohemian Rhapsody?	No answers found
What genre is the song Baba O'Riley?	No answers found
Who performed Baba O'Riley?	No answers found
How tall is Roger Daltrey?	No answers found
Which awards did Dutch rapper Ali B receive?	No answers found
From which town is the Dutch band Chef'Special?	No answers found
Who are in the Foo Fighters?	No answers found
When did Oasis release the single "Don't look back in anger"?	No answers found
Who wrote the lyrics for Oasis' single "Don't look back in anger?"	No answers found
Which band wrote a song called "Hey Jude"?	No answers found
Where are Red Hot Chili Peppers from?	No answers found
When did Muse form?	No answers found
What genre is Toxicity?	No answers found
Who wrote the lyrics to Chop Suey!?	No answers found
Who produced Californication?	No answers found
What album is Under the Bridge from?	No answers found
Who performed Fistful of Steel	No answers found
When was Killing in the Name released?	No answers found
Who was Radiohead influenced by?	No answers found
What record label published Creep?	No answers found
What name was The Weeknd given at birth?	No answers found
What are the names of the children of Kanye West?	No answers found
In what year did Dr. Dre start working?	No answers found
Where does Drake live?	No answers found
What genre of music did Janis Joplin make?	No answers found
What country did indie folk originate from?	No answers found
In what band(s) did Micheal Jackson perform?	No answers found
When was the single 'Hide and Seek' released?	No answers found
How did Kurt Cobain die?	No answers found
Where did the band Queen form?	No answers found
